Nana said you like to dance and like but
you will always like do stuff that we
don't know what it is like because I
dances you were like this you're like
this and you just think I don't know
what that is like make him out into what
the eighties right but that was the
dance style in that yeah
every era have a dance like my era was
to slop that's what James Brown dude all
like that and it already always comes
back and repeat yourself is this stuff
my mom did dimdays came back like that
the Happy Feet is kind of like the
Charleston and then and was that I don't
know what the name is that's a new dance
that's you sure I don't know what the
word of man is thank you and then you
had the fish and the swim spinning on
your head and stole your day so I did
all of that he used to be places and he
could move his arms on like somebody
called a flex game came about I bet you
right
Wow damn your hair and your makeup looks
so pretty thank you
I want to try and makeup and hair and
sir
let me see maybe we'll do something yes
so that's one thing to be inside this
wonderful beautiful studio with some
real talent I mean people that has
really made hits but nevertheless we're
in there with Atlantic Records in our
artisan repertoire I really don't know
what that means but it sounds good
that's what they told me and our war so
you know it's a good thing